ARROW-16616: [Python] Lazy datasets filtering (#13409)
apache/arrow: docs/source/python/compute.rst

   nums: [[6,8,10]]
   chars: [["f","h","l"]]

> :class:`.Dataset` can be filtered with :meth:`.Dataset.filter` method too.

Reviewer: Wording suggestion
```suggestion
:class:`.Dataset` can similarly be filtered with the :meth:`.Dataset.filter` method.
```
